hey this is free hug 50 and today I'm
going to talk about two recent comebacks
and one upcoming w iu makes a comeback
with a third album titled watering times
earlier this time this is her first
musical appearance with a new song in a
year in guys month and I'm guessing it
took so long because of her Twitter
mistake or controversial picture with
super junior New York last year and they
needed time for her image to recover
this album features many famous artists
like to run from SHINee kind from
browner girls and champa cool after the
album was released earlier this month it
totally swept multiple music charts
especially her title truck called red
shoes hi you also dyed her hair blonde
dish Brown which is a new change that
she's never done before but last week
she died at wine red and this week she
surprised her fans by dyeing it dark
again but cutting it to be super short
she said that this is because her
promotion time is short this time and
she wanted to show multiple size of her
as much as she can in the x given and to
conclude fans love her mature album
header new bus secondly kaya former
after school leader makes a second solo
mini album titled where are you earlier
this October it's awesome to see former
after-school member Becca is featured in
one of the songs and Caillou shows off
her new short blonde hair she also shows
off her flat well-developed ads with her
crop top I personally think it's awesome
to see her pursue her dream and passion
as an artist even though she's in her
30s after years of working as a backup
dancer her dancing skills truly profound
and polished it's good to have Caillou
back last but not least YG entertainment
hosted a 10-episode variety show titled
win-win stands for who is next
this program features two teams battling
for a course of three months team a has
five members and Team B has six members
and at the end only one of them will
make a dub you I personally followed
every single episode and I got to
experience 11 passionate trainees
aspiring to w as a boy group and finally
yesterday both teams competed for their
final round and the program concluded
with team a's victory they will soon
debute as the YG entertainment new boy
group alrighty thanks for watching once
again my name is free hug Sofia my
channel is for anybody and everybody who
loves kpop subscribe for more